Fixed sourcemaps are not added by default for development builds. (#35)
netzstrategen/gulp-task-collection: README.md

Option | Effect
:--- | :---
`--minify` | Additionally generate minified files, suffixed with `.min`. Defaults to `true` in production builds.

> `--sourcemaps` | Add source mappings to compiled files. Defaults to `true`in non-production buils.(v3.0.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--sourcemaps` | Add source mappings to compiled files. Defaults to `true` in non-production builds.
```

- `concat` is now false by default for css and js. v2 was concatenating js, but not css. To keep this behavior, set `gulpPaths.scripts.options.concat: true` inside your project's `package.json`.
- the `--production` flag is gone. To run a build for production environments, please use the corresponding `styles:production` and `scripts:production` tasks.
- the `--outputStyle` flag is gone. It has been replaced by `--minify`.

> - the option `--sourceMaps` is enabled by default for development / non-production builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the option `--sourcemaps` is enabled by default for development / non-production builds.
```

- `concat` is now false by default for css and js. v2 was concatenating js, but not css. To keep this behavior, set `gulpPaths.scripts.options.concat: true` inside your project's `package.json`.
- the `--production` flag is gone. To run a build for production environments, please use the corresponding `styles:production` and `scripts:production` tasks.
- the `--outputStyle` flag is gone. It has been replaced by `--minify`.

> - as of v3.0.1, the option `--sourceMaps` is enabled in non-production mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the option `--sourceMaps` is enabled by default for development / non-production builds.

```
